Add warning note about need to remove `.bash_aliases` for pip to work with venv. (#68)
moj-analytical-services/user-guidance: source/documentation/tools.md

For Python:

> * [**venv** and **pip**](#venv-and-pip) - Recommended for Python in Analytical Platform, because it's easier, more reliable and has a much bigger community than conda. **NOTE:** To use pip with venv, you may need to delete the `.bash_aliases` file (`rm .bash_aliases`) in your home directory.

Reviewer: Looks like this change snuck through onto master?

### Basic usage

> **NOTE:** You may need to delete the `.bash_aliases` file (`rm .bash_aliases`) from your home directory for pip to work properly within a virtual environment.

Reviewer: I wonder if an explanation is helpful:
```suggestion
**NOTE:** To use pip with a virtual environment you should delete your `.bash_aliases` file from your home directory, if you have it: `rm .bash_aliases`.
Otherwise you'll find it always install packages to `~/.local` instead of the activated virtual environment. Only users who joined the Analytical Platform before 31st July 2020 has the problematic alias in contained in this file.
```
